I'm doing major Canadian stuck up that
he did like oh no Mama week ago I don't
know okay whatever sup what's put some
pepper a chaining pepper teenie in there
mm-hmm just some juice reckon okay don't
you see you dude okay um but the
chocolate just going here let's go to
seizures okay Mac let's hurry this
chocolate chips that's a lot oh my god i
didn't mean to do that okay mom puts on
again oh right okay oh good okay done
each okay yes this is delicious I forgot
the main ingredient oh my god put ice oh
my gosh okay already got the ice oh my
god okay um put the coke in Jacob coke
no not anymore yeah okay that's gonna be
okay let's put some yogurt in there okay
okay now salsa and must hide huh Rock
open this to my god and your is so
unprepared don't tell me giggle I give
you the right sorry I didn't say that I
didn't say his name don't listen don't
worry want mine either um oh yeah what
you don't like mustard neither do i say
no now let's get this firm and stir the
baby up dude if why am i drinking this
you might get a subscriber Putin
probably what a baby's name subscribe me
if you are watching this I love you and
the pack but you know maybe all do I
almost threw up dirty walk one so I'm
not gonna post it license yeah those are
gonna be the egg is gonna be delicious
cook drink it mm-hmm I just Walter Yokum
a light off of Dan get chocolate chip
yet no mmm very much the peppers are hot
you think oh yeah by the way since how
saying peppers are hot they're making a
paul Blart 2 just saying that out mohawk
oh my god frozen Death Cap challenge but
I don't care just wash your socks don't
care i'm like halfway down okay
where were you are you better subscribe
him for them i have to be with his baby
is all night with him saying is a
stomachache um I'm gonna take out the
ice really quick so let's just come over
here will you record this just leave it
there over here by the desk i'm just
scooping out the ice not much of
anything else so i need all the liquid
out welcome poop your mother you not say
my name it it's here what are you doing
oh don't listen to this whole record
okay all the ice is gonna shell like a
lot of liquid normally a man named
chocolate chips nope i can see enough
can you guys see you look all that
chocolate chip and what does that way
some yogurt at the bottom of that okay
smells good okay thanks for watching
from love you long time dudes um post a
minecraft video tomorrow I'm gonna throw
up right